I bought this vanity for my daily makeup application. The lightening is perfect; it’s bright but also is gentle to the eye! I love how you can adjust the lighting by touching it; it’s so cool! The vanity design is also very efficient; I can see all sides of my face so I won’t miss a spot! The mirror is also a perfect size; it doesn’t take up much space and even contain space for jewelry. This is a win-win product!
Really like using this mirror so far. The lighting is very bright and I like the big mirror size. I purchased this after my double-sided lighted mirror stopped working. I am still trying to get used to not having a large magnified mirror to switch to, but the ability to rotate the mirror 180 degrees and bring the magnified mirrors to the top is really useful. I have traveled with the mirror and easily packed it in my suitcase. 
I was sooooo skeptical about this mirror. Had it on my wishlist for a long time and then it went on sale so I was like.... ok I'll go for it. I don't regret it. What I like is the light is super bright on it's bright setting. You can also dim it but I'm too old for that. I can plug it into my computer. I don't have to dig around for the outlet. I don't have to feed it batteries. I can just plug it into my computer in the morning.
Best purchase I have ever made. bought as a present for my sister and loved it so much I got one for myself and wish I had space for another. Best amazon purchase I have made in a long time. 10/10 would recommend.
I LOVE this!!! It's amazing! The light is perfect to see how well you are applying your make up! They sure have come a long ways since the 90's. It's light weight but yet sturdy and the option to use the cord instead of batteries is my fav. My vanity is beautiful and the size is PERFECT!
I love this make-up mirror. It has 5 different magnification mirrors and a small round 10x for lipstick or close-up that can be hand held or attached with rubber suctions. The entire mirror swivels so you can use the mirrors at many different angles. It has three different light levels - daytime, office, evening. The price is also very reasonable compared to most other lighted mirrors.
My favorite feature is that it is battery operated so it charges up like a phone. The charging cable is very long. No more worrying with having to set it up close to an outlet. While it may be a little large for travel (although it is lightweight), it would fold up nicely in a suitcase. I highly recommend this mirror.
Perfect! Very nice color. The light can be adjusted and very clear. Can be used with batteries, easy to carry. The base can also be used as a shelf. You can put on some lipstick, brow pencil or something. Everything is what I want.
Honestly it's the best mirror I've ever had. Although I ordered it in white it came in a very light lavendar color. I don't mind though. The lights are brighter if you plug it in instead of using batteries. I'm able to do my makeup entirely without having to squint at the mirror or move too close. It's nice and big and provides enough coverage so I'm not craning my neck or turning too much. Would buy again.
I bought this for my 18-year-old daughter, and she absolutely loves it. I had shopped around for months and these lighted mirrors are so expensive, in retail stores (without the added side mirrors). My daughter said it's fantastic for doing her makeup. I'm super happy with this purchase and it is so reasonably priced you just can't go wrong.
My girlfriend loves this makeup mirror. Not only the light selections were great, it also came with three different light settings, but also provided with varieties of magnification. It’s perfect for her to use it on every morning to apply her makeup. One of the best purchases I have ever made for her.
Very pleased with this mirror. It has all the features I wanted: attractive style & color, rechargeable, magnifies, large main mirror, lighted, good quality plastic.
When I first opened the package I was surprised because it appeared so small and was so lightweight! But the mirror really is the perfect size and I love the fact that it’s so transportable. I also love how bright the lights turned out, especially after reading reviews stating otherwise. 
This is exactly what I needed. I previously had a large round mirror that I could turn over for magnification. I like that you don’t have to put batteries in it to charge - All you need to do is connect it to the power supply cord.
I love this one. It recharges with a usb cord. I charge it every couple of weeks and then put the cord away. I love the different sizes of mirrors. 
This mirror is actually perfect. Been looking for a makeup mirror to have on my desk for ages and they always were too small or too expensive. OR I didn’t have the best lighting. But this mirror is perfect. It’s compact but opens up to a great size. (So it can be small but the mirror itself is A+ Size). Also the lights are great.